Add initial testing docs (#18061)
directus/directus: docs/contributing/tests.md

# Running Tests

> Tests ensure that the platform functions as expected when the existing codebase is modified. For more details on
> writing of tests, please refer to the following links.

- [App unit tests](/contributing/tests/app-unit-tests)
- [API unit tests](/contributing/tests/api-unit-tests)

> - [Blackbox tests](/contributing/tests/blackbox-tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Blackbox Tests](/contributing/tests/blackbox-tests)
```

> ## Running app unit tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running App Unit Tests
```

Run `pnpm --filter app test`.

> ## Running API unit tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running API Unit Tests
```

Run `pnpm --filter api test`.

> ## Running blackbox tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running Blackbox Tests
```

Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and ensure that the service is running.

Run the following from the project's root directory.

```bash
# Ensure that you are testing on the lastest codebase
pnpm build

> # Clean up in case you ran the tests before

Reviewer: Is this still recommended?

Author: Yes, as we could directly access the databases where some actions  / changes may affect the tests. Would you prefer to change this into a warning instead?

Reviewer: Okay, thanks! No, this is fine for me then 👍

docker compose -f tests-blackbox/docker-compose.yml down -v
# Start the necessary containers
docker compose -f tests-blackbox/docker-compose.yml up -d --wait

# Run the tests
pnpm test:blackbox
```

> ### Testing a specific database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing a Specific Database
```

Provide a csv of database drivers in the `TEST_DB` environment variable to test specific databases:

```bash
TEST_DB=cockroachdb pnpm test:blackbox
```

> ### Using an existing Directus instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using an Existing Directus Instance
```

> The test suite will spin up a fresh copy of the Directus API from the current build. To use an already running copy of
> Directus, set the `TEST_LOCAL` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, the test suite will spin up a fresh copy of the Directus API built from the current repository state. To use
an already running copy of Directus instead, set the `TEST_LOCAL` flag:
```

```bash
TEST_DB=cockroachdb TEST_LOCAL=true pnpm test:blackbox
```

> This will use `localhost:8055` as the URL for every test. Note: make sure to connect your local Directus database
> instance to the test database container found in docker-compose in this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The tests expect the instance running at `localhost:8055`. Make sure to connect the instance to the test database
container found in the `tests-blackbox/docker-compose.yml` file.
```
